README.md, before:

<img src='/images/Y_logo_light.svg' width='50px'>

# microBlogLite - Capstone Project

This is the
## Home Page
<img src="/images/home_Page.gif">

## Register Page
<img src="/images/register_Page.gif">

## Post Page
<img src="/images/post_Page.gif">

## Logging Out
<img src="/images/log_Out.gif">




# Enjoy the Microblog Project and the MicroblogLite API!

Don't forget to read the [*MicroblogLite* API docs](https://microbloglite.herokuapp.com/docs/) and experiment with the API in *Postman!*

Practice and experimentation provide experience, and experience provides confidence.

## Documentation

## Naming Conventions:
### branch: snake_case (Ex: yourname_feature) 
### folders: camelCase (Ex: allAssets) 
### files: snake_case (Ex: show_one_character.html) 
### id=”kebab-case” (Ex: input-btn) 
### class=”kebab-case” (Ex: background-img) 
### use let mostly: 
### when using let variable names for let = camelCase (Ex: inputBtn) 
### when using const  
### variable names for const = CAPITALIZE (Ex: INPUTBTN) 
### function convention is going to be arrow functions: 
### let capitalize = () ⇒ {} 
### use double quotes when grabbing: 
### Ex: document.getElementById(”div”)

Commit message:

Landing login feature (#41)
* Updated the landing page

* Added footer

* Readme test

* Readme being worked on

README.md, after:

<img src='/images/Y_logo_light.svg' width='50px'>

# microBlogLite - Capstone Project
This is the
## Home/Login Page
- This is the login and landing page, it shows the creators and shows the functionality of the show password checkbox.

<img src="/images/home_Page.gif">

## Register Page
- The register page allows you to input the information needed and it will redirect you to the login page. If you need to see your password you can view it.

<img src="/images/register_Page.gif">

## Post Page
- Once you login in, you will be redirected to this page and you will be able to create a new post that will display instantly. You can also see what other users have posted. 

<img src="/images/post_Page.gif">

## Logging Out
- Log out button works as intented

<img src="/images/log_Out.gif">




# Enjoy the Microblog Project and the MicroblogLite API!

Don't forget to read the [*MicroblogLite* API docs](https://microbloglite.herokuapp.com/docs/) and experiment with the API in *Postman!*

Practice and experimentation provide experience, and experience provides confidence.

## Documentation

## Naming Conventions:
### branch: snake_case (Ex: yourname_feature) 
### folders: camelCase (Ex: allAssets) 
### files: snake_case (Ex: show_one_character.html) 
### id=”kebab-case” (Ex: input-btn) 
### class=”kebab-case” (Ex: background-img) 
### use let mostly: 
### when using let variable names for let = camelCase (Ex: inputBtn) 
### when using const  
### variable names for const = CAPITALIZE (Ex: INPUTBTN) 
### function convention is going to be arrow functions: 
### let capitalize = () ⇒ {} 
### use double quotes when grabbing: 
### Ex: document.getElementById(”div”)
